docs(staged-dockerfile): refine docs about staged caching mode (#5672)
werf/werf: docs/pages_en/usage/build/process.md

> **NOTE:** It is assumed that the image repository for the project will not be deleted or cleaned by third-party tools, otherwise it will have negative consequences for users of a werf-based CI/CD ([see image cleanup]({{"usage/cleanup/cr_cleanup.html" | true_relative_url }})).

### Dockerfile

> By default Dockerfiles are cached as a single layer in the container registry. To enable Dockerfile caching per-instruction use the `staged: true` directive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Dockerfiles are cached as a single layer in the container registry. To enable Dockerfile caching per-instruction, use the `staged: true` directive:
```

```yaml
# werf.yaml
image: example
dockerfile: ./Dockerfile
staged: true
```

<div class="details">

> <a href="javascript:void(0)" class="details__summary">**NOTICE**: Staged Dockerfile caching feature is currently in alpha state</a>
> <div class="details__content" markdown="1">
> 
> There are several generations of staged dockerfile builder, which can be explicitly switched by the `WERF_STAGED_DOCKERFILE_VERSION={v1|v2}`. Switching staged dockerfile version can cause rebuild of images.
> 
> * `v1` used by default.
> * `v2` version enables dedicated `FROM` layer to cache base image specified in the `FROM` instruction.
> 
> `v2` version compatibility will be broken in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="javascript:void(0)" class="details__summary">**NOTE**: The staged Dockerfile caching feature is currently  alpha</a>
<div class="details__content" markdown="1">

There are several generations of the staged dockerfile builder. You can switch between them using the `WERF_STAGED_DOCKERFILE_VERSION={v1|v2}` variable. Note that changing the version of a staged dockerfile can cause images to be rebuilt.

* `v1` is used by default.
* `v2` version enables a dedicated `FROM` layer for caching the base image specified in the `FROM` instruction.

`v2` version compatibility may be broken in future releases.
```
